udodog/goGetterServer/service/event/EventServiceTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.service.event.EventServiceTest
udodog/goGetterServer/service/message/MessageSenderServiceTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.service.message.MessageSenderServiceTest
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/BookReportTagRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.BookReportTagRepositoryTest
udodog/goGetterServer/controller/api/coupon/CouponControllerTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.controller.api.coupon.CouponControllerTest
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/DiscussonBoardRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.DiscussonBoardRepositoryTest
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/SharingBoardLikeRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.SharingBoardLikeRepositoryTest
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/MessageNotificationOffRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.MessageNotificationOffRepositoryTest
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/AdvertisementManagementRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.AdvertisementManagementRepositoryTest
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/EventRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.EventRepositoryTest
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/MessageRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.MessageRepositoryTest
udodog/goGetterServer/controller/api/user/UserControllerTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.controller.api.user.UserControllerTest
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/UserRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.UserRepositoryTest
udodog/goGetterServer/controller/api/event/EventControllerTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.controller.api.event.EventControllerTest
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/DiscussonBoardReadhitRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.DiscussonBoardReadhitRepositoryTest
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/querydsl/EventQueryRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.querydsl.EventQueryRepositoryTest
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/CouponUseHistoryRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.CouponUseHistoryRepositoryTest
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/SharingBoardReplyRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.SharingBoardReplyRepositoryTest
udodog/goGetterServer/GoGetterServerApplicationTests.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.GoGetterServerApplicationTests
udodog/goGetterServer/controller/api/sharingboard/SharingBoardControllerTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.controller.api.sharingboard.SharingBoardControllerTest
udodog/goGetterServer/controller/api/discussion/DiscussionControllerTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.controller.api.discussion.DiscussionControllerTest
udodog/goGetterServer/config/TestConfig.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.config.TestConfig
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/SharingBoardRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.SharingBoardRepositoryTest
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/BookReportRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.BookReportRepositoryTest
udodog/goGetterServer/service/coupon/CouponServiceTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.service.coupon.CouponServiceTest
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/DiscussonBoardReplyRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.DiscussonBoardReplyRepositoryTest
udodog/goGetterServer/controller/api/message/MessageSenderControllerTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.controller.api.message.MessageSenderControllerTest
udodog/goGetterServer/controller/SampleControllerTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.controller.SampleControllerTest
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/querydsl/CouponQueryRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.querydsl.CouponQueryRepositoryTest
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/SharingBoardTagRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.SharingBoardTagRepositoryTest
udodog/goGetterServer/service/user/UserServiceTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.service.user.UserServiceTest
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/CouponRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.CouponRepositoryTest
udodog/goGetterServer/controller/api/discussion/DiscussionReplyControllerTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.controller.api.discussion.DiscussionReplyControllerTest
udodog/goGetterServer/repository/LibraryLocationRepositoryTest.java
 udodog.goGetterServer.repository.LibraryLocationRepositoryTest
